playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.RandomSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.neuralPredictSeller'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerHigh'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction2
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:scoreEvaluationFunction3
playerAgent:<class 'agents.playerAgent.ExpectimaxAgentKnowingRecord'>, sellerAgent:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, belief:<class 'agents.sellerAgent.GreedySellerSuperLow'>, depth:2, scoreFunction:betterEvaluationFunction
